welcome to angry woofer corporation
great for peeping Bob ppm means mixed
pop ninja race pvm puppies your tasty
nutritious meal in a bowl
thanks to food lover for requesting this
recipe so let's get you started
we'll start by making a marinade for a
big we'll need soy sauce sesame oil
sugar some minced garlic some fresh
ground pepper and some sake or a white
wine mix it well together and put the
ground beef in the marinade put the beef
well with the marinade now that's
looking nice let's set this aside while
we are preparing vegetables
we'll need half zucchini cut it thinly
and match sticks and we'll need stamp
our carrot you see job chopping carrot
slice them into matchsticks
now that Carol is ready let's prepare
mushroom why so much shrimp i'm ugiy
sake mushroom here
I like the resilient texture and the we
do flavor well you can touch any kind of
UI portobello mushroom or wish
Terrestrial now the vegetables are
sliced that's prepare bean sprout and
will risk against out sweet cold water
use your mom these sprouts
did you know Peter I really easy to grow
on your own take a look at these guys
aren't they beautiful but this will be
another video and I'll show you how to
grow them so stay tuned now everything
is ready let's cook things yeah let's
cook the vegetables turn bring it on and
it's just some your oil mushroom in
order to cook the vegetables perfectly
we're gonna cook them separately little
pinch of salt to season the mushroom and
we'll put this over medium-high heat
we want the mushroom to be nicely
toasted did you think about 5 minutes
that's transfer this so plate now we're
gonna move on to carrot
there's a little more sesame oil add the
carrots and then I took the carrot over
medium-high heat and a pinch of salt
this will take about 5 minutes I'm gonna
transfer the carrot so plates and we
gotta keep going with zucchini zucchini
there's a pinch of salt zucchini will
take about 3 minutes
mmm that's looking really good
let's transfer this to the plates and
we're gonna continue with bean sprouts
original a little more sesame oil add
the sprouts and that's a little pinch of
salt go 5 to 3 minutes mmm smells right
here
hmm that's yummy that's looking good
I think it's ready transfer this to the
plate now all the vegetables already
will cook the beef I'll use 2/3 of the
beep and save the rest for the sauce
here the South that's the sound of the
flavor so take about 3-4 minutes
I think that's ready now let's transfer
this to the plate smells too good here
now the toppings are ready I'm gonna
make some sauce and I'm gonna make our
traditional spicy sauce now get on add a
little more sesame oil then we gonna
cook the beautiful that we saved earlier
we'll cook the beer for about 3 minutes
we're going to add what you channel
which is Korean chili pepper paste
check out my coaches on video if you are
not familiar with it and we're gonna add
to a tablespoon of honey
and we're gonna add a little water and
we're gonna cook this for about two
minutes okay the sauce is ready now turn
to get off it's time to assemble tv5 all
right let's go get some fresh rice
I'm music half brown and have sticky
brown rice I love this planet it's
timely more nutritious than white rice
but also has a great texture to it now
we have rice we can all assemble
everything will start with carrots
little teeny little pea and a mushroom
and little bit sprout on top
mmm isn't that pretty
and the sauce we just made mm-hmm I love
this sauce sometimes I just eat it with
rice now I'm gonna finish it with little
sesame oil
it doesn't need much just a little room
I just so no dealing good there one is
ready if you're feeling a little fancy
I'll show you how to kick it up on that
may pull yourself up so yourself they'd
only mean stockpot and I'll show you how
to do it now cut it with little sesame
oil since we're gonna put on the rice so
make sure you put it on the side as well
so the rice doesn't stick to it all
right and I'm gonna get some fresh rice
cook this up make sure you don't over
heat the pot because what we want the
it's not to burn the rice but the brown
the bottom so the banks will get nice
and crispy and we're gonna now assemble
the rest you'll take about six to seven
minutes if you don't have those so cut
like this you can use your cast-iron
skillet just to make sure then burn
yourself
I think that's browning up really well
have you heard of eating vegetables
should be the color for variety is
provides not only beautiful presentation
but also broad range of nutrients I
think it's ready now from break it off
and I'm gonna taste this sizzling hot TV
before you mix everything together make
sure you're gonna touch the stop pad
directly oh yeah you hear that
looking so good let me taste it for you
mmm mmm a little pungent flavor and
sweet and spicy with all the vegetable
and meat bit and a little bit crunchy
rice bite mmm that's really delicious
try this recipe and don't forget to
share this video with your friends and
I'll see you next time
for recipes and more VG hungry gopher
calm